Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[leaves crunching]
[trees rustling]
[heavy breathing]
[ominous cracking]
[gasps]
[panting]
[thud]
[indistinct whispering]
[inaudible]
[rustling]
[phone alarm ringing]
[gasps]
[heavy breathing]
[alarm continues]
[alarm stops]
["No Going Back" by Yuno playing]
♪ I spend all my time ♪
♪ Waiting all night for you… ♪
Morning.
Bye.
No. shoot.
Can we do that thing?
Can you have the sign?
Take a picture holding
a first-day-of-school sign?
No. Mom. I'm in 11th grade.
I'm not doing that.
Okay. don't do the sign.
just a picture of yourself.
-[camera clicks]
-There. Did it. Bye.
Thank you. Have a great first day.
Keep your head up high. Vivian.
[door closes]
[phone chimes]
You little shit.
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la. la. la. la
La. la. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ Yeah. baby. oh ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la. la. la. la
La. la. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ I spend all my days ♪
♪ Thinking of things to say ♪
♪ To keep you sane ♪
♪ You playing your games ♪
♪ It's working on my brain ♪
♪ I'm feeling strange ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ There's no going back for me. baby ♪
♪ You're nowhere I wanna be ♪
♪ Maybe you'll know how I feel ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la. la. la. la
La. la. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ Yeah. baby. oh ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la. la. la. la. la
La. la. la. la. la. la ♪
♪ La. la. la. la. la ♪
Did you hear.
rankings are already starting?
What? This is the first day.
I mean. they haven't even
had time to. like. look at us yet.
Are they basing their decisions on summer?
Because nobody even saw us this summer.
Unless someone was spying on us
playing Mario Kart in your mom's basement.
I might get ranked
"Best Power Slide on Rainbow Road."
-Should we have gone to a pool?
-It doesn't matter.
Emma Cunningham's gonna get ranked
"Most Bangable" for the second year.
It's not like she's been
in a horrific car accident or anything.
-[excited chatter]
-Oh. great.
No. please.
block the sidewalk to admire her nails.
-Hi.
-There we go.
That wasn't so hard. was it?
No. it was not.
Did you hear
she and Mitchell Wilson broke up?
I heard he broke up with her.
-It's so nice not to be on anyone's radar.
-Totally.
[song ends]
It's gonna be Kiera Pascal
for "Best Ass" again. For sure.
[Vivian] Not fair.
She's captain of the soccer team.
Do they know how much running
and jumping she's doing?
[Claudia] Kaitlynn Price has
mastered the art of the hot selfie
and will probably take "Best Rack"
from Olivia Day-Young.
[groans] God. How many more days
of school do we have left?
Eyes on the prize. my dear.
Just two more years and we will be
safely tucked away in a lab at Berkeley.
What prompt will you do for the essay?
-Because those questions are stressful.
-I'm doing the service one.
I'm talking about how much I've grown
from volunteering at the VFW.
blah. blah. blah.
-Do you have Mr. Davies for English?
-Uh-huh.
Beware. He calls on anyone
who sits in the front row.
What would I do without you?
I guess we'll never find out.
[school bell rings]
[indistinct chatter]
-You can put your valued things.
-Thanks.
Did you miss me?
-Seriously?
-Where you going?
-Stop.
-I got a seat right here for you.
Okay. let's wrap up the conversations.
Stop talking. please.
Unless one of you young people
fixed global warming.
your summer vacations were boring.
Whoa. Mike.
you're not starting class without me?
-Wow. what a treat. Mr. Wilson's here.
-Sorry.
I was helping this new freshman girl
find her way to class and… she was lost.
Chivalry might not be dead.
but you will be
if you're late to class again. Sit down.
So. I shouldn't help people?
[Mr. Davies sighs]
-That's the message I'm getting. Mike.
-I missed you.
I missed you more.
[Mr. Davies] So.
the definition of insanity…
Can I help you?
I don't know. Can you?
[Mr. Davies] Yet here I am
with all of you.
-Okay. we are going to begin…
-Hey.
Can you help me. too?
What?
…with morning announcements.
Chris. grab those lights.
-[fanfare plays]
-[student on TV] Ahoy. Rockport Pirates.
Student Body President
Bradley Chambers here.
along with "argh" lovely Vice President.
Emma Cunningham.
Good morning. Rockport.
Happy to be spreading
the Pirate cheer for another year.
[Bradley] That's pretty good…
Hey. Vivian. How was your summer?
Seth?
[Emma] Unless you're staying
after school for an extracurricular.
Speaking of. this year's musical
will be Little Shop of Horrors.
-[Bradley] Little Shop of Argh-ors…
-You look different.
[whispers] Your hair.
[Emma] Get your Band-Aids ready
and sign up for auditions.
Argh-ditions.
[whispers] Stand up.
-What?
-Stand up.
-Okay.
Oh. yep. See?
Grew like three inches this summer.
-Wow.
-Kinda hurts. though.
Growing pains. My knees--
Quiet. Or you're gonna miss
the thrilling conclusion.
[Bradley] I'm excited to see our Pirates
out on the field and blow the man down.
And as athletics get underway.
remember to cast your nominations
for Student Athlete Ambassador.
The winner will receive
a $10.000 scholarship.
and represent Rockport
at the state caucus in the spring.
Shiver me timbers.
That's a lot of booty. [chuckles]
That's it. [sighs]
That was pretty great.
Who did the summer reading
that I asked everyone to do?
You are new.
You are Lucy Hernandez. Welcome.
Well. Lucy.
since you did the summer reading.
I'll ask you the first question
we apparently have to ask
about every work of art now.
no matter what it's about
or what time period it was created.
How are women portrayed?
Well. I think the real question is.
why are we still reading this book?
It's written by some rich white guy
about some rich white guy.
and I guess we're supposed
to feel bad for him
because he's obsessed
with the only girl he can't have?
If the point is to learn
about the American dream.
we should be reading about immigrants.
or the working class. or Black mothers.
or at least someone
who doesn't have a mansion.
-Why aren't we reading Sandra Cisneros--
-I thought it was great.
Hey. I was talking.
Yeah. I know.
but The Great Gatsby is a classic.
Just because other books are good
doesn't mean this is less good.
I didn't say it wasn't good.
-I just wish that--
-You're not listening to me.
People have read
and have loved The Great Gatsby forever.
There must be something
that makes it so we read it every year
at our own school.
Spoken like a true Nick Carraway.
Do you know who Nick Carraway is?
He was played
by Tobey Maguire in the movie.
Okay. first day of school.
I know everything is lame and boring.
but tell me one thing.
I don't know. Mom. I had math.
What did you learn today?
What kind of person were you?
What made you smile?
What were your biggest challenges?
This conversation?
You know. you used to be
a little person who did what I said.
-I don't remember any of that.
-Hm.
Lisa.
Hey. John. How are you?
Good. Just getting some chives.
Quick chive run.
[chuckles]
Those are leeks. actually.
Oh…
-Well. then I picked these for you.
-Oh. Thank you.
-Nice to see you.
-You too.
Ew. That man was flirting with you.
He was? Really?
Huh.
Well. one thing happened today.
There was this new girl and she started
getting into it with Mitchell.
Sometimes I think about the fact
that Mitchell Wilson is going to breed
and his offspring will be tall.
handsome assholes
and it makes me very sad.
You're so dramatic. Mom.
Okay. Mitchell is fine. all right?
It's all good.
Mom. milk is bad. People aren't
supposed to drink it anymore.
Whose child are you?
You can't take my milk away.
-Hey girls. Let me help you out here.
-That's okay. We got it.
Okay. just make sure
to put the eggs on top.
So. I shouldn't open the carton
and dump them in there?
-Okay.
-I'm gonna go wait in the car.
Just trying to help.
I know how to pack my own suitcase.
I can pack my own grocery bag.
Yeah. I remember you.
["Grains of Salt" by Tacocat playing]
♪ Wasting so much time
Only knowing doubt ♪
♪ Falling in a line only facing out ♪
♪ What do they even know? ♪
♪ Gotta let it go ♪
♪ Feeling so other
Like too many sunsets… ♪
♪ Try not to bother ♪
♪ The world is offensive ♪
♪ What can they even say? ♪
♪ Do it your own way… ♪
[phone chimes]
Martha. knock it off.
♪ Don't forget. don't forget
Don't forget to remember ♪
[Claudia] Wanna sleep over after the game?
We can do these face masks
my aunt bought me.
They. like.
paralyze your face for an hour.
My mom googled it and…
Hello.
Do you want to sleep over Friday?
Huh? Yeah. sorry. Yeah.
Have you ever noticed
that Seth Acosta is nice to everyone?
Seth the Shrimp?
He's not a shrimp anymore.
He grew like a foot over the summer.
Yeah.
He's just. like… really friendly.
[Claudia] Oh. my God.
You want to bang Seth the Shrimp.
-Sure hope my first time isn't banging.
-[Claudia gasps]
You love him.
You want to have 15 of his babies.
Whoa.
You're right.
Seth the Shrimp's gonna need
a new nickname.
Hey.
Can I buy you a drink?
-[Lucy] No. thanks. I got it.
-[Mitchell] Oh. come on.
I think we got off
on the wrong foot earlier.
Don't touch me.
No need to freak out.
I'm not freaking out.
I didn't say
that you could touch me. Okay?
[sighs]
Why do you always have to be so difficult?
I'm literally just trying to buy a soda.
You're the one having this meltdown.
[thud]
That's mine.
Oh. is it?
[hacks]
Welcome to Rockport.
[Lucy] Mitchell Wilson is harassing me.
I don't feel safe.
-Mitchell?
-Yes.
-Wilson?
-Yeah.
-Captain of the football team?
-Yes.
He's bothering you.
-He's harassing me.
-Oh. There's that word.
If you use that word.
that means I have to do a bunch of stuff.
but if he's bothering you.
and that's what it sounds like to me.
then we can actually have a conversation.
Lucy. I am aware that outside these walls
the world is experiencing a tornado.
and that. in response.
young people. especially girls.
are expressing their discontent
about everything in every direction.
But we have to be clear about things
before we move forward.
-Okay. I just--
-Look. look. look.
I step in when we find drugs in school
or when someone threatens
on YouTube to bring in a weapon.
This feels like something
that we can solve together.
It's your first week of school.
in a new school. [chuckles]
That can be emotional. Mm-hm.
It says here on your transcript
that you play music.
I think you would make
a great addition to the marching band.
Think about it.
All those cute little outfits
and you can blow all those big emotions
into the saxophone
or the piccolo.
Whatever feels right to you.
Gigi. let's sign her up
for the marching band.
Great.
[door closes]
[Vivian] Hey. Lucy.
Uh. we have English class together. I'm--
Vivian. right? You sit in the back.
Yeah. yeah. exactly.
Look. I just wanted
to say ignore Mitchell.
Why should I have to ignore him?
Why can't he just not be a dick?
[laughs] He's an idiot.
He has been since the second grade.
He's dangerous.
I don't think he's dangerous.
I think he's just annoying.
You know that annoying
can be more than just annoying. right?
Like. it can be code for worse stuff.
If you keep your head down.
he'll move on and bother somebody else.
Thanks for the advice.
but I'm gonna keep my head up. high.
See you in class.
[Lisa sighs] Traffic was horrible.
I let three people merge and not one wave.
It's a heartless town we live in.
[Vivian] Want some salad?
[Lisa] No.
Then why did we buy. like.
12 cucumbers at the farmers' market?
[Lisa] Because.
We have to support the farmers.
[Lisa sighs]
Ah! Thank you.
-Long day?
-Yeah.
There were so many DUIs and UTIs.
I think I might have screwed some up.
Hey. Mom. what do 16-year-olds care about?
[Lisa] Oh. I don't know.
When I was 16. all I cared about
was smashing the patriarchy
and burning it all down.
Well. I can't put that on my application.
[reporter on TV] Allegations arise
as more women come forward.
Protests continued in multiple states
and were pushed back…
You know how you're always telling me
to keep my head up high.
It's from a song
you used to play when I was little?
Yeah. "Rebel Girl." Bikini Kill. Why?
Uh. history project.
Oh. God.
Makes me feel old. Sorry I asked.
[reporter on TV] Women now lead
over 6% of Fortune 500 companies.
However. the number of female CEOs…
[Kathleen] I wanted to start
directly singing to other women.
Our fanzines were
all about feminism and political issues.
I actually wrote a radical manifesto
in the Bikini Kill fanzine
called Girl Power.
♪ That girl
She holds her head up so high ♪
♪ I think I wanna be her best friend
Yeah ♪
♪ Rebel girl. rebel girl ♪
♪ Rebel girl
You are the queen of my world ♪
♪ Rebel girl. rebel girl ♪
-[music stops]
-[TV] …correspond to the recent uptick
in reported sexual harassment
within the industry.
But naysayers argue
tech is simply less interesting.
[sighs deeply]
The number of women graduating
with Computer Science degrees…
[muffled music through headphones]
♪ When she talks. I hear the revolution ♪
♪ In her hips. there's revolution ♪
♪ When she walks
The revolution's coming ♪
[music plays louder]
♪ In her kiss. I taste the revolution ♪
♪ Rebel girl. rebel girl ♪
♪ Rebel girl
You are the queen of my world ♪
♪ Rebel girl. rebel girl ♪
♪ I know I wanna take you home
I wanna try on your clothes. uh ♪
♪ That girl thinks
She's the queen of the neighborhood ♪
♪ I got news for you. she is! ♪
♪ They say she's a dyke. but I know ♪
♪ She is my best friend. yeah ♪
♪ Rebel girl. rebel girl ♪
♪ Rebel girl
You are the queen of my world ♪
♪ Rebel girl. rebel girl ♪
♪ I know I wanna take you home
I wanna try on your clothes ♪
♪ Love you like a sister always ♪
♪ Soul sister. rebel girl
Come and be my best friend ♪
♪ Will you. rebel girl? ♪
♪ I really like you
I really wanna be your best friend ♪
♪ Be my rebel girl ♪
"Because we don't want
to assimilate to someone else's voice.
standards of what is or isn't."
"Because I believe
with my whole heart. mind. body
that girls constitute
a revolutionary soul force
that can and will
change the world for real."
[distant marching band playing]
[cheering]
All right. pep rally is about to begin.
Grab a pom-pom. There you go.
These are choking hazards.
so wave carefully.
Oh. sure. Put me in the back
like you always do. That's so original.
Whose year is this?
"Argh" year.
You get one. You get one.
Nice try.
[Kiera] Look at this.
-Imagine if they actually won a game.
-[Amaya] True! Did you hear my girl?
If pep rallies were for teams
who actually won games.
they'd be doing soccer cheers.
Maybe the bake sale
could buy us new uniforms.
They would be baking some cookies
and cakes and pies for us.
[excited chatter]
Hello.
[band stops playing]
[crowd cheering]
Woo! Woo!
All right.
Love that.
Those girls got moxie.
[cheering]
In fact. this entire school's got moxie.
am I right?
Let me hear it!
[cheering]
Moxie?
What is she. like. 100 years old?
All right. let's save
some of that energy to welcome
your team captain.
Mitchell Wilson and the Rockport Pirates.
[marching band strikes up]
[crowd chanting]
[Jason] Oh. it's time to drop it
like it's hot.
Stop.
[band stops playing]
[cheering]
[phone buzzes]
[phones chiming]
What's up. guys?
So. I was up. like. all night last night
thinking of some words
that represent this year…
[gasps] Viv. They posted the list.
You know that list is pretty messed up
if you think about it.
Yeah. duh.
[murmuring]
Thank you. Bradley.
That was so amazing. Thank you!
Obvs. Emma got Most Bangable.
Boring.
No. I mean. like. really messed up.
[murmuring]
Oh. man. I called it.
Kiera got Best Ass again.
Did we bet on that?
-I can't remember.
-Why have we all accepted it?
Like. no one even blinks.
[Claudia] You're on here.
-Oh.
-[Claudia] It's not that bad.
[Claudia] Oh. shit.
They added a new category.
Wow. that's a lot.
[crowd whispering]
[Vivian] Think we should
say something to her?
I don't want
to have to say the c-word out loud.
Have you seen this?
-What is it. honey?
-[cheerleaders cheering]
See what they called me?
Oh. No. that's social media.
-I don't understand.
-No. it's a list.
Well. listen. Lucy. Sticks and stones.
Are you kidding me?
Go and sit down. We're having a pep rally.
[crowd cheers]
[marching band strikes up]
[Claudia] Where are you going?
Uh… I… I don't feel well.
-What time should I pick you up tonight?
-I'm not going.
Boo!
-[Vivian] Jesus.
-[laughing]
-Uh-oh. We're in trouble.
-Her? She's not gonna do anything.
[mutters] Stupid.
[sighs]
["Green Light. Red Light"
by Toplady playing]
♪ V-L-C-T-Y. my velocity ♪
♪ A-R-B-O-L-E. don't climb up my tree ♪
♪ Q-X-R-Y-Z. why you looking at me? ♪
♪ P-H-I-L-S. what's your philosophy? ♪
♪ Green light ♪
♪ Red light ♪
♪ Why are they yelling
There's no STOP-I-N-G ♪
♪ N-E-C-C-C. it's so necessary ♪
♪ F-E-Q-R-Y. what's the frequency? ♪
♪ Q-Y-O-L-O-F. I'm young and I'm free ♪
♪ Green light ♪
♪ Red light ♪
[bell chimes]
I need a shitload of copies.
How many is that?
Uh…
Uh… Fifty.
Yeah. okay.
[machine beeps]
[printer whirring]
[upbeat instrumental music playing]
[door opens and closes]
[laughing] Oh. my God. this is so stupid.
What am I doing?
-[girl 1] You know?
-[girl 2] Same.
I'm just. like. shook. you know?
I feel attacked.
Same.
[sighs] I can't believe
she's gonna speak to us in Spanish
and we. like.
don't even speak Spanish yet.
[girl 2] Same.
Yo. have you seen this?
[girl 1] It's intense.
Who made this?
Are these in all of the bathrooms now?
[girl 2 laughs] Honestly. same.
[girl 1 scoffs]
[indistinct chatter]
I can't believe you did that.
-Huh?
-You made me go to the game alone.
Oh. right.
Anyways. Bradley fell over
in his Pirate costume. It was hilarious.
[school bell rings]
That is the news. Goodbye.
Hey. ladies first.
Can I say that? Do you wanna go first?
-Yeah. Thanks.
-Yeah?
Abso-fruitly.
-[bell rings]
-[mutters] Oh. my God.
-[Lucy] Hey! Give that back.
-[Mitchell] No.
Tell me you wrote it
and I'll give it back to you.
Okay? [chuckles] I'm not even mad.
I actually think it's kind of funny.
But admit it.
I don't care.
I don't have to tell you anything.
Whoa. God. you're such a whiner.
Why don't you go tattle on me again
to Principal Shelly.
[Jason] My man.
Oh. Jay. guess what.
We're famous.
We made Lucy's little
Dirtbags of Rockport High List.
I got Most Awful.
and you got Biggest Piece of Shit.
Winners! Oh. we win. baby!
[laughing]
You know there are real problems
in the world. right?
Like ones that are bigger
than two kids not thinking you're hot.
Oh!
Now that's a righteous burn with a swish.
[snickers] Oh…
Anyway. listen.
Yeah. walk away.
Hey. You can have mine.
-Thanks.
-[Mr. Davies] Let's do this. Sorry. guys.
Sorry I'm late. I had a little bit of a…
You know what? I don't have
to explain myself to you people.
Uh… Let's get into it.
[indistinct chatter]
So. I tried that face mask. and look.
[laughing] Oh. no.
-I'm zooming.
-To be honest. it was painful.
Hey. can I sit with you guys?
Yeah. sure.
[Lucy] Oh. and thanks for giving me this.
I needed a sign from the universe
that there were actual humans here.
-[Vivian chuckles]
-What is that?
Um… I don't know.
I found it in the girls' bathroom.
It's a zine. In the Bay Area.
there are tons of them at shows.
but it's the first time
that I've seen one here.
Sorry we are not the Bay Area.
So are you guys gonna do
the thing that it says for tomorrow?
It says to draw hearts and stars
on your hands to show support.
Yeah. I was gonna do it.
Yeah. me too.
Why?
-What do you mean why?
-I mean. like. what's the goal?
Revolution. baby.
[scoffs]
I don't see what doodling
on our hands is gonna do.
Well. it's better than doing nothing.
I'm just hyped somebody made this.
Whoever did it is dope.
[phone chimes]
Hey.
You're home late.
I had a dinner after work.
-You look extra nice.
-Hm.
That's cute. What's that?
This? Uh. it's nothing.
[water running]
[toilet flushes]
[door unlocks]
Cool.
["Fire With Fire" playing]
Hell. yeah. it is.
Showing the people what's up.
Females gotta stick together.
Number one untapped resource. women.
There she goes.
There are more of us than them.
Breaking the glass ceiling.
Lady power.
♪ It ain't the end of the world. girl ♪
♪ You'll find your place
In the world girl ♪
♪ All you gotta do
Is stand up and fight… ♪
Stars for a star. baby.
[Vivian] Hey.
[CJ] Oh. hey. Vivian. Nice stars.
Hey. Meg. Nice hand.
Oh. thanks. You too.
Good morning.
and welcome to the revolution. Bam.
-Oh!
-Please tell me you did it.
Yeah. Duh. Do you like it?
[laughs] Yo. I took this picture.
and I started the hashtag
"Moxie girls fight back."
-There are more of us than you think.
-Oh. that's so cool.
That's hot.
Okay. everyone quiet down.
Guys. grab a seat.
Um…
We don't have a ton of time.
so I would like to waste some
on morning announcements.
Chris. Lights.
[fanfare plays]
[Bradley on TV] Yo-ho-ho. Pirates.
Just a quick update on my injury.
It was a green break.
and it. like. didn't…
It didn't even hurt at all.
So. I shall be ready to cheer again
on the SS football field come Friday.
Hey. So Bradley Chambers's parents
are going out of town.
I think to Mongolia or something.
but he's gonna have a party.
which is cool.
It's Hawaiian-themed though.
which isn't that cool.
but are you gonna go?
Yeah. Yeah.
[Bradley] Appearing in a sailor's tale.
there's been some unrest on my ship…
Oh. Excuse me. Mr. Davies.
Uh…
Kaitlynn Price.
do you have a sweater or a jacket?
Why?
Well. your straps are a little thin
and you're showing lots of collarbone.
[snickering]
It's like the exact same one
she's wearing.
[Principal Shelly] Well…
[snorts]
Enough.
Kaitlynn. please give me a break
and just cover up.
so that we can all get back to learning.
I don't have anything to cover up with.
Okay. come with me.
Oh. girl. you bad. You're going to jail.
You in trouble. That's what you get
for trying to dress like Britney Spears.
-Shut up.
-[Mr. Davies] Yeah.
-You're wearing the same thing.
-You're right.
I need to go with her.
so we can talk about that.
We need to stick together. I'll--
-Sit down.
-[scoffs]
Mitchell. you want to laugh?
Laugh at the announcements.
[Emma on TV] The winner
will receive a $10.000 scholarship
and represent Rockport
at the state caucus in the spring.
[Vivian] Another girl had
the exact same tank top on.
They were wearing the same thing.
but she got in trouble
because she looks a little different
than that other girl.
-[Lisa] Oh.
-She had--
-[Lisa] Okay. I get it.
-Yeah.
Shelly was like.
"You gotta put on a sweater."
She's like. "I don't have one."
And so then Shelly said.
"Come with me." and she sent her home.
Isn't that crazy?
Wow.
I am so glad we didn't have a dress code.
Me and my friends were such assholes.
we protested everything.
One time someone told
our friend Sarah that she smelled.
and none of us showered for two weeks.
-[laughing]
-Yeah.
But how do you know what to do?
Like. how to protest something?
We didn't. You know.
we made a ton of mistakes.
We argued with each other.
We weren't intersectional enough.
We called our meetings powwows.
-[laughing] Oh no.
-Mm-hm.
But you're glad you did it all?
Of course. What are you gonna do? Nothing?
You sound like Lucy.
Oh. That's that new girl. right?
You like her.
Yeah. Yeah.
I mean. we're so different.
Sometimes you meet someone different
and you just kind of click.
Like that guy John
that we saw at the supermarket.
I don't know.
We don't really agree on things.
but we've been
cracking each other up at work.
Yeah. Lucy is fine. She's great.
It's Claudia that's being weird.
Wait. you're having problems with Claudia?
Don't stress me out. You're supposed
to be best friends with Claudia for life.
Do you remember when you guys
used to sing the song from Wicked?
-Do you still do that?
-[laughs] No.
-Oh. no.
-No. Mom. we're fine. Okay?
-We're going to a party later. Relax.
-Don't tell me to relax.
That's very triggering for me.
-[excited chatter]
-[Claudia] This looks like the place.
[music playing]
My mom had this in the fridge.
Oh. good.
I feel like I would love white wine.
-Wait. should I have brought something?
-[guy 1] You got this.
[groans]
[laughter]
Oh… There's a lot of people here.
A lot of party people.
I'm not sure we're party people.
Did you bring a corkscrew?
No.
Maybe they have one inside.
[yells] Beer is my best friend!
["Surf" by Ka'au Crater Boys playing]
[Bradley] All right.
Welcome. guys. welcome.
This is a totally safe party space.
all right?
Just do whatever.
There's tons of alcohol in the kitchen.
Tons.
My cousin's 29.
so it's. like. not a big deal at all.
Just go crazy.
as long as everybody gets lei-d.
Hawaii.
-[clears throat]
-Um…
-Here. I brought this for you.
-Oh. awesome.
Very adult. Wine.
This doesn't feel culturally sensitive.
I don't know. Could be fun.
Disco cat.
Maybe we should find a quiet corner.
Let the party come to us.
-Woo!
-[laughter]
Maybe not here.
It could be more chill outside.
Better for conversation. Yes.
More low-key.
Maybe this is a little bit too low-key.
Does that make sense?
[yelling]
-[thud]
-[laughter]
How do you know if you're having fun?
I think I'm having fun.
I think you know it when you feel it.
Yeah. totally.
I'm having fun if you're having fun.
Yeah. I am if you are.
[girls] Woo!
[Mitchell] No. no. no. No.
Your elbows were halfway across the table.
How about this.
You two. get out of here. You two. get in.
[girls] Hater!
No wonder Emma Cunningham
dates a college guy.
There's no way
she'd come to a party like this.
Yeah. college parties are probably
a bit more composed. [chuckles]
[Amaya] Check her.
Yeah. she's got the hearts and stars.
Oh. I'm allergic to Sharpie.
-Come on. We want to talk to you guys.
-You heard the lady. Follow me.
Where are we going?
I don't know.
[Hawaiian music playing]
Hey.
[door closes]
All right. what's up. guys?
I just took a lap around.
Safe to say
this party is officially bumping.
All right. just have fun.
as long as everybody gets lei-d.
Good. You found 'em.
What the hell is this room?
-[door closes]
-[Kiera] I think it's a man cave.
Yeah. I feel harassed
just by being in here.
Amaya. lock the door.
Mm.
[Kiera] Okay. so…
who's Moxie?
Yeah. who wrote it?
We want the who. what. where. and why.
-I found it in the bathroom.
-I saw someone reading it in trig.
So. no one knows what Moxie wants
or what their plan is?
My girl needs a plan.
She does not join freaky cults.
I don't know if it's a cult.
Yeah. I think that they want
our school to be safe and fair.
You know what's not fair? Our team went
to state finals and our uniforms suck.
[Kaitlynn] You know what's messed up?
I got sent home for wearing a tank top.
Meanwhile. Jason is constantly shirtless.
You know what's really messed up?
People refuse to call me by my new name.
Even teachers?
[CJ] Yeah. sometimes.
And I want to audition
for Little Shop of Horrors as Audrey.
and everyone's freaking out about it.
I would crush "Suddenly Seymour."
You know what's also messed up?
I don't like being voted Best Ass.
You don't like it? Why?
Historically. Black women
have been judged by their asses and hair.
and we are done with that.
-Period.
-[Kaitlynn] Know what I just realized?
The king is worth more than the queen.
Why? The queen is the best.
Okay. the queen can have children.
Look at this king.
He looks like an asshole.
Guys. I'm just glad
we're talking about this.
You know that your school is weird?
Oh. it's always been weird.
We used to have a guy
who pulled everyone's pants down.
Now. he's a police officer.
Okay. but who wrote Moxie for real?
Come on.
Whoever wrote Moxie is a badass.
Definitely someone.
like. in their 20s for sure.
-I feel like they have tattoos.
-I think whoever did it knows the school.
Who do you think did it. Vivian?
I don't know.
I… I just found it
and picked it up like everybody else.
But I'm really glad I did.
because now we're here.
Guys. we just had
the official first Moxie meeting.
-[Amaya] Hell. yeah!
-[chuckles]
-[Amaya] The football team's won two…
-[CJ] Know what's really messed up?
[through headphones] We're Bikini Kill
and we want revolution!
Girl-style now!
["Double Dare Ya" playing]
♪ Hey. girlfriend ♪
♪ I got a proposition
Goes something like this ♪
♪ Dare ya to do what you want
Dare ya to be who you will ♪
♪ Dare ya to cry right out loud
"You get so emotional. baby" ♪
♪ Double dare ya
Double dare ya. double dare ya. girl ♪
♪ Don't you talk out of line ♪
♪ Don't go speaking out of your turn ♪
Thank you.
♪ Time to make his stomach burn ♪
♪ Burn. burn ♪
♪ Double dare ya
Double dare ya. double dare ya. girl ♪
-Oh. my God. Vivian.
-Shit. Shit.
-I'm fine.
-I'm so sorry. Do you need help?
No.
You're the one who made these?
Please don't tell anyone.
Okay. yeah. I mean. only because
secret identities are objectively rad.
Maybe you can give me some.
I could put them in the boys' bathroom.
[chuckles] Look.
I know you're friends with Mitchell.
I'm not… friends with him.
I've just known him since second grade
is all. I know he can be annoying.
He's more than annoying.
I understand.
Here. I don't want to mess
with your plans or anything.
Totally get it
if they're just for the girls.
I just thought the boys
could use all the help they could get.
No. it's okay. You take it.
Thanks.
I don't wanna keep you from your mission…
I got here early so I could retake
a physics test for the second time.
[chuckles]
-So.
-Yeah. okay.
I guess I'll see you in class.
All right.
Hey. Vivian.
Is it weird that I'm not surprised?
Back in kindergarten. you always
wanted to take the spiders outside
when everyone else wanted to smash them.
You remember that?
[chuckles] No.
I do.
[up-tempo electronic music playing]
♪ Oh. I love it ♪
[Kaitlynn] Oh. my gosh.
It's about me. Listen to this.
"Hey. Moxie girls.
have you had enough of these ridiculous.
sexist dress code checks?" Literally me.
"They're arbitrary and focus
overwhelmingly on girls over boys."
-That's true. Double standard.
-Quadruple standard.
"Operating on the idea that girls
are responsible for boys' behavior."
-My body is my body.
-And it is a temple.
"In protest of this outdated
archaic set of rules…"
"On Thursday.
come to school in a tank top"?
But Kaitlynn got sent home for that.
The only time I've been sent home
was when I barfed
during my Eleanor Roosevelt presentation.
I don't even know if I own a tank top.
I might have bought one
as a Mean Girls Halloween costume.
but I chickened out and went as a ghost.
Better put on your goggles.
This is gonna get nuts.
[liquid bubbling]
I wanna find a tank top
in some dope animal print.
To remind the school we've got claws
and we're not afraid to use them.
Will your parents care
if we get in trouble?
Will my parents care
if I show my shoulders at school?
Nah. I mean. your mom won't care. right?
Well. I'm not sure. I don't think so.
She sort of did a lot of protesting
when she was younger.
Really? That's fire.
Yeah. I was thinking
actually more about Claudia's mom.
She's pretty intense.
Yeah.
What's Claudia's deal?
You guys are really different.
Really?
We're both INTJs on the Myers-Briggs test.
It's a personality test.
We're both introverts.
The first time I slept over. we took
the test and made T-shirts that said.
[laughing]
"Don't talk to me. I'm an INTJ."
[chuckles]
Yeah. Claudia's basically my family.
We do everything together.
I know one person that will be
very happy to see you in a tank top.
Hands? The dude who did
the hearts and stars all over his hands.
Oh. Seth.
Yes.
What kind of woman am I?
[laughs]
A… professional ball buster
who doesn't take no for an answer.
-Okay. I like it.
-[laughs]
Okay. Now me. Now me.
You're a mom with postpartum depression.
but you're having an affair
with your son's SAT tutor.
[laughing]
Gracias.
Beautiful.
[laughing]
["Pretty Ugly" playing]
Okay.
This is what you wear
when you're doing your 6:00 a.m. run.
And you got the hydro flask.
Sustainability.
♪ I just can't be polite ♪
♪ I bet you ain't heard
No flow like this ♪
♪ Make you say
"Yo. excuse me. miss" ♪
♪ Go against me I'll beat like Swizz ♪
Girl. do you know how to dance bachata?
One. two. three. pop.
-You're good!
-[laughing] No. Am I?
[laughter]
Here. Oh. Pics or it didn't happen.
Let's get the girls fired up
to burn this bitch down.
♪ I like my paper nice and crisp
Crispy clean… ♪
[Vivian laughs] Aw!
Oh. it's cute!
♪ Music is in my Billie genes
Can't no one ever come between. yeah ♪
[sighs]
[speaking Mandarin]
[continues in Mandarin]
[in English] It's just a tank top. Mom.
It's not a big deal.
[speaking Mandarin]
[continues in Mandarin]
[both speaking Mandarin]
[in English] God.
["Kitana" by Princess Nokia playing]
♪ Yeah. hoe ♪
♪ Kitana. Kitana. Kitana. Kitana ♪
♪ Mortal Kombat. I'll see you mañana!
Mortal Kombat. I'll see you mañana! ♪
♪ Kitana. Kitana. Kitana. Kitana ♪
♪ Mortal Kombat. I'll see you mañana!
Mortal Kombat. I'll see you mañana! ♪
♪ I step in this bitch. I do what I want
I don't give a damn. don't give a… ♪
Oh. Right.
You guys are doing that whole thing today.
You didn't do it.
-Hey! You look so good.
-[laughs]
Hey. we both went with blue.
Tank top twinsies.
See? I told you Hands would love it.
Who's Hands?
Uh… It'd take too long to explain.
I gotta go to class.
Me too.
-Oh. no.
-Mike. if I may?
I just want to say
that if this is what feminism is. then…
I really support it.
No complaints from me or Jay. Right?
No complaints
from the football team at all.
I also have no complaints.
Not no complaints. I have no comment
because this seems like a women's issue.
and I'm going to respectfully
just stay out of it.
[Kaitlynn] Seriously?
Gosh. that's so convenient for you.
You get to say this is "a women's issue."
so you don't ever actually
have to do anything. Right.
Mm-hm. That's fair.
Uh… I could do more.
I…
Noticing someone filming right now
and I'm going to humbly ask
maybe that you just…
you turn the phone off
because-- Not 'cause I'm hiding anything!
Because… [chuckles]
Do you understand I'm in a tight spot?
You know what? This dress code thing
may seem like whatever to you.
It may seem like whatever to all of you.
I'd say it's another way to control women.
If you're doing nothing.
you're part of the problem.
So. where do you stand
with these tank tops. huh?
Where am I going to stand?
I obviously am going to stand on the side
of equality and freedom for all
and diversity and to come together
as both sides. the male and the female.
the alpha and the omega. guy and gal.
I have to go to the bathroom so bad.
Hold on. I'm gonna check on one thing.
but you guys got it.
[crowd cheering]
Yeah. No. that's fair.
Someone told me they saw Shelly
go out and see all the tank tops.
then go back into the classroom
and shut her door.
She just fully chose not to deal.
-[Kaitlynn] No way.
-Yeah.
Hey.
Hey. how'd it go?
Girl. it was great. We won. as always.
The crowd of 15 moms went wild.
[chuckling]
-Hey.
Hello. Rockport!
[crowd applauding. cheering]
Before we begin the game.
I'm going to announce the nominees
for Student Athlete Ambassador.
This is a prestigious honor
bestowed annually
on one athlete
by the votes of their peers.
The winner will receive
a national scholarship
from Big Five Sporting Goods.
the only place to get
all your sporting good needs.
So just. you know.
thank you again to Dave Rogers.
former Rockport quarterback.
for your generous contributions
to our athletic program.
And Dave would like me to remind you
that he rushed over 100 yards in a game
back in 1972.
-You just rushed 100 yards an hour ago.
-Mm-hm.
And now. the first and only nominee
for the student athlete award.
running uncontested is…
The suspense is killing me.
…the captain of our Rockport High
football team. Mitchell Wilson.
-[crowd cheers]
-[band strikes up]
Okay.
[applause dies down]
Hey! I have a nomination!
Excuse me?
I nominate Kiera Pascal.
the captain of the girls' soccer team.
[cheering]
What? What is happening?
I'm afraid that you need five votes
to support a nomination.
I second Kiera!
-I'm trying to eat. I ran for an hour.
-Shh.
And I third and fourth and fifth!
That is a spirited
but inaccurate demonstration…
-I third!
-…of democracy.
Again. there was a ballot box
in the multipurpose room.
Fourth!
-[whispers] Vivian. No.
-[chuckles]
Fifth!
[Principal Shelly scoffs] Okay. Sure.
Two fine nominees.
Let's give Kiera a hand.
Come on. stand up.
Yeah.
[cheering]
[Principal Shelly]
Good luck to both of you!
What did you just do?
Do you like money?
'Cause I'm finna get you some.
[laughing]
-Shut up and secure the bag.
-I can handle that. sis.
[cheering]
All right!
Let's go. Rockport! Come on!
Just a quick reminder. guys.
My wrist is still
in the process of healing.
so if you could please
take it easy on the high-fives.
But let's play some football! Come on.
[crowd cheering. applauding]
[band strikes up]
[indistinct chatter]
[cheerleaders]
Let's go. Pirates. let's go!
[Vivian] Hey.
Claudia.
What is your deal?
Why didn't you nominate her?
What do you care?
Just go back to your friends.
Is that what this is all about?
You're mad I have a new friend?
First. you don't just have one new friend.
You have a lot of new friends.
Why don't you care about this?
I do.
But making a big deal is not my thing.
-Okay. what is your thing?
-I thought my thing was you.
I thought our thing
was being best friends.
Here comes your boyfriend.
Make sure to tell Lucy all about it.
Hey. Looks like
we've got ourselves a race.
Twizzler?
Yeah. thanks.
Wanna do something cool?
Yes.
-[Seth] I grew up right there.
-[Vivian laughs]
Okay.
-You excited?
-No.
Yes! Yes. I am.
God. why did I sound like that?
[both laughing]
What are you talking about?
[scoffs] A funeral home?
A funeral home.
[both laughing]
[softly] So. I come here
to skate sometimes.
and I noticed how bad security is.
It's like a joke.
If you fall and break your neck.
you're in the right spot.
-Pff. Oh. that's dark.
-You're the one who's bringing me here.
-[door creaks]
-[Vivian] Ah!
["La Vie En Rose" by Lucy Dacus playing]
♪ Quand il me prend dans ses bras ♪
♪ Il me parle tout bas ♪
♪ Je vois la vie en rose… ♪
Okay. which one do you pick?
And remember. whichever casket
you pick says a lot about you.
Pressure's on.
[chuckles] Okay.
Um…
Kind of liking this one.
Bold choice.
Glossy. You know?
I love it. I love it.
Uh… What about you?
I'm going no casket.
Mushroom suit all the way.
They bury you in it.
Mushrooms get rid of all the toxins.
You compost yourself.
-[Vivian chuckles]
-Dope soil.
[Vivian] How many sisters do you have?
Three. All older.
I bet you were a pretty cute kid.
[both chuckle]
-Yeah. I was all right.
-[chuckles]
I got my hair braided a lot.
I also know all the names
to the American Girl dolls.
-Do you really?
-Yeah.
No. you don't.
-Josefina. Molly. Addy…
-Oh. my God.
[Vivian] What is that?
It's my heart. Want it?
[laughing]
Okay.
-Samantha. Rebecca. Kaya…
-You could fully be making these up now.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
[laughing]
Cécile. and my personal favorite. Kit.
Why is she your favorite?
She's the tomboy
that wants to become a reporter.
[Vivian giggling]
[Seth] Think anyone got married in here?
Now that would be interesting.
Every wedding I've been to
has been so boring.
My dad's was. like.
two hours of Rumi poems.
My sister had
one of those kickass weddings
where everyone does
a dance down the aisle.
-[laughs] Did you?
-Yeah. I had to.
[chants] Show me. Show me.
[Vivian laughing]
♪ La vie en rose ♪
[muffled rock music
playing through headphones]
So. why don't you tell anyone
that you're the one doing it?
Why the secret?
Uh… I kind of like
that I'm the only one that knows.
I don't have to talk about it
or explain it.
I like that Moxie kind of
just speaks for itself. you know?
Or for me. I guess.
Someday. everyone's going to know it.
but…
I kind of like being the only one
that knows right now.
It's getting late.
I should probably take you home.
Had a lot of fun tonight.
-Yeah. me too.
-Yeah.
Okay. [chuckles]
Dude. you're blowing it.
You're blowing it.
Okay.
Hey. Vivian. Vivian. wait.
No. look. it's fine. okay?
I was just confused.
You don't have to run
out of your car about it.
I like you.
A lot. I do.
I don't know.
I got all in my head about it.
I started worrying that maybe
I shouldn't come off too strong.
You're like this super powerful feminist.
and you're not just a cute girl.
I mean you are a cute girl.
Don't get me wrong--
Okay.
All right.
[Vivian giggles]
-Hi.
-Oh. Jesus Christ!
Who were you kissing in the driveway?
Seth Acosta.
[Lisa] Seth Acosta.
[gasps] Oh. was he that kid
who peed his pants on that field trip
to the Naval Museum?
Mom. I don't know. Don't be weird. okay?
If you're gonna be kissing him more.
I have to meet him.
Don't keep secrets from me.
Although I know you will be safe
and smart and use your head.
I'm actually already pregnant.
You've no idea what I'm capable of.
That's a very funny joke.
Right?
♪ I like your voice on the phone ♪
♪ The way you sleep at night ♪
♪ I like the way I know that ♪
♪ You’re right by my side… ♪
♪ Don't you know I really like you? ♪
♪ You know my mind ♪
♪ But even more to the point
Is the fact you're just my kind ♪
♪ Just my kind ♪
♪ Yeah. you’re just my kind
All right ♪
-♪ You’re so all right ♪
-♪ Just my kind ♪
Kiera. you're a much better athlete
than Mitchell. You win games. he doesn't.
Yet. you're the underdog. Why?
-Because she's a junior.
-Okay.
-Because she's Black.
-Yes.
Not what I was gonna say. but yes.
Also because we've been told in big ways
and in small ways for our whole lives
the achievements of men are more important
than those of women.
Well. forget that.
Forget that.
Yes. and when you win this thing.
and you will win it--
She's like Serena Williams.
[Lucy] It'll prove we're done
with that shit. That show is canceled.
-Yeah.
-[Lucy] It's bigger than Kiera.
It's for girls everywhere.
-Oh.
-[Vivian] Hey. Emma.
Hey. Do you want to join us?
Uh… No. No. I just came to grab this.
[door closes]
Anyways. so we have to get Moxie
to endorse the campaign.
I have an idea.
Why don't you text yourself?
-[laughter]
-It's not me. okay. I would tell you.
Well. if it was me. you all would know.
There would be a giant parade.
[Lucy] Vivian. put this in the minutes.
If we stick together.
things are gonna change.
Yes.
Can't stop. won't stop. Next stop.
Kiera Pascal gets the scholarship.
-Yes.
-Yeah.
-Let's win this thing.
-[all] Yeah!
Here!
Woo!
[Lucy] Okay. girlfriends. bring it in.
On tres. si se puede! Ready?
-Uno. dos. tres…
-[all] Si. se puede!
[cheering]
Okay. CJ. you are auditioning
for the role of Audrey.
♪ Nobody's ever
Treated me kindly ♪
♪ Daddy left early
Mama was poor ♪
[punk version
of "Suddenly. Seymour" playing]
♪ Suddenly. Seymour
Is standing beside me ♪
♪ He don't give me orders ♪
-♪ He don't condescend ♪
-[Vivian laughs]
♪ Suddenly. Seymour… ♪
-…131. 132. 133.
-[cheering]
Okay.
Woo!
That's 100.
[indistinct chatter]
Vote for Kiera. You know
you don't want to vote for Mitchell.
Vote for Kiera. How you doing?
Vote for Kiera.
♪ Learn how to be more
The girl that's inside me ♪
Who is the protagonist of the story?
You're welcome.
I caught Shelly trying
to tear your guys' posters down
because you never
registered Moxie in the office.
So. I did.
Moxie is now officially a school club
and gets access to elite privileges.
such as hanging stuff on walls.
We might also have to learn
how to play chess.
You guys have been busting your asses.
and it'd be lame
for a technicality to ruin it.
I do care. okay?
Just have to let me do things my way.
[chuckles]
I think Kiera might
actually be able to win.
-I know.
-[Lucy] No. she's winning this.
I think the only people
who'll vote for Mitchell
are the dirtbags of Rockport High.
-Yeah.
-[Lucy] We got this. ladies.
We need to celebrate.
-Woo!
-Yes.
I have somewhere we can go.
[indistinct chatter]
[Lucy] Hey!
Listen up.
We're here to celebrate
the end of the mediocre
white dude's chokehold on success.
Yeah!
Yeah. Helen! I see you!
[cheering]
Girls to the front.
Kiera is gonna win this thing tomorrow.
-[whooping]
-[Lucy] So tonight…
we celebrate how far we've come.
Let's give it up for the youngest members
of the revolution.
from the Rockport Middle School.
The Linda Lindas!
For girls everywhere!
[all shout] For girls everywhere!
["Rebel Girl" playing]
Yeah!
[whooping]
♪ That girl thinks
She's the queen of the neighborhood ♪
♪ She's got the hottest trike in town ♪
♪ That girl
She holds her head up so high ♪
♪ I think I wanna be her best friend
Yeah ♪
♪ Rebel girl. rebel girl ♪
♪ Rebel girl
You are the queen of my world ♪
♪ Rebel girl. rebel girl ♪
♪ I know I wanna take you home
I wanna try on your clothes ♪
♪ Love you like a sister. always
Soul sister. rebel girl ♪
♪ Come and be my best friend
Will you. rebel girl? ♪
♪ I really like you
I really wanna be your best friend ♪
♪ Be my rebel girl ♪
[cheering. applauding]
♪ I don't like you
And I won't pretend to ♪
♪ Now. I'm gonna get you out of my way
Into another ♪
♪ How I ever trusted you
I will never know ♪
♪ And it all seemed so long ago
What you say ♪
♪ Will come back to you ♪
♪ What you say
Will come back to you ♪
Will come back to your big mouth ♪
Good morning. Mermaids and Pirates.
What does that mean?
I'm being inclusive.
What. so women can't be Pirates?
[Bradley] "Argh" you gonna let me get
to the announcements--
[Emma] Of course. Good morning.
Pirates of any and all genders.
Yo. look who's not here.
Oh. is little Mitchell Wilson
too scared to lose?
[chuckling]
Hey. What time should I come over tonight?
Um… Five. Also. my mom wants to meet you.
All good. Yeah. moms like me.
Don't forget to vote
for Student Athlete Ambassador
before halftime.
The winner will be
announced after the game.
Kiera!
-[cheering]
-No. Boo. Boo! Mitchell.
Woo!
That's right. Emma.
We're now going to hear
from one of the candidates.
"Argh" football team captain.
Mitchell Wilson.
Wait. what?
-Oh!
-What?
They didn't tell us about this.
If he gets to talk. Kiera should too.
Excuse me. Emma.
Mitchell.
welcome to our humble TV studio.
Looks like you're in my… in my house now.
[mutters] Come on.
Student body.
My name is Mitchell Wilson
and in the past few weeks
I've been the victim
of a targeted attack
by an anonymous group called Moxie.
This group has spread propaganda
and has defamed my character.
In short. Moxie's bullied me.
Oh. my God. he really is scared.
We got to him.
But the worst part is…
that we don't know who Moxie is.
A person gets to spread lies about us
and not tell us who they are?
We call that weak.
So tonight.
when you go to cast your vote.
just think about this.
Who is Moxie?
And who will they go after next?
Because it could be you.
Mitchell. guys. on three!
-Mitchell!
-[chants] Kiera. Kiera. Kiera…
[knocking]
-Hey.
-Hey. Hand this to my mom.
-What?
-Like. as a gift. Just trust me.
-Okay.
-Hi there.
Hi. Mrs. Carter.
Oh. I'm not Mrs. Carter.
You have different last names?
Yeah. I kept my maiden name.
Her last name is Carter.
Mine's not. You can call me Lisa.
Okay. uh… Lisa.
-This is for you.
-[chuckles] Thank you.
The ice cream I bought yesterday
handed back to me. How sweet.
Mom.
No. I love it. My daughter thinks
I shouldn't drink milk anymore.
Yeah. I don't mess with dairy.
-Milk is good for you.
-Mom. We've talked about this.
-It's not good for you.
-It is.
-It makes your bones strong.
-It's been proven to be bad.
There's all different science about that.
-There's not.
-Do you believe in science?
I do believe in science. Yeah.
Seth. where do you see yourself
in ten years?
-Take your time.
-Ten years. Um…
[hesitates] Well. uh…
You know. I'll probably
be skateboarding still. hopefully.
So. no plan?
-You don't have to answer that right now.
-Okay.
You two have fun at the game.
-Thanks. Lisa.
Oh. and Seth. um…
try not to pee your pants this time.
Oh. my God.
Can you not bring that up right now?
You can just ignore her.
Do you remember?
Naval Museum. first grade.
I was the room mom.
-It's coming back to me.
-Okay.
-I knew it was him.
-[Seth laughs]
-We're leaving.
-Nice meeting you.
You too.
Have fun.
-[crowd chattering]
-[whistle blows]
-[player yells]
-[grunting]
[whistle blows]
["Heaven" by Brandi Carlile playing]
Your hair is so awesome.
[Vivian] You smell really good.
-[Seth] When are you meeting them?
-In a little bit.
♪ Oh. thinking about
All our younger years… ♪
Um… Vivian. I feel like I should tell you.
I haven't…
I've never…
Yeah. I haven't either.
Okay. but I…
I kind of wanted it to be special.
♪ We've been down that road before ♪
Oh.
♪ But that's over now… ♪
Okay. I'm sorry.
No. no. no. No. wait.
I'm sorry.
♪ Baby. you're all that I want… ♪
I 100% want it to be with you.
♪ I'm finding it hard to believe… ♪
I don't know if we should hurry up
and do it before a football game.
I want to be the only thing
you're thinking about.
♪ And I found it there in your heart ♪
♪ It isn't too hard to see… ♪
You're really looking at me.
Is that bad?
No.
♪ Oh. once in your life
You find someone… ♪
Your heart's beating super fast.
You nervous or excited?
Both.
Oh. my God. Kiera's gonna win this thing.
And if she doesn't…
[kisses]
…you can come right back here.
Deal.
I like it here.
♪ Baby. you're all that I want ♪
♪ When you're lying here in my arms ♪
♪ I'm finding it hard to believe ♪
♪ We're in heaven ♪
[whistle blows]
[crowd applauding]
[Jason] We suck.
Wow. What a close game. Hm?
Uh. let's. uh. give it up
for our Rockport cheer squad.
[Lucy] Uh… Ms. Vivian.
Is that Hands I see with you?
Okay. Right.
-Where have you been?
-What?
-Uh…
-Boyfriend?
Yeah.
-[laughing]
-[gasps]
Also. also. look what I brought.
-Champagne.
-Oh!
Oh. we poppin' bottles.
And now. will the nominees
for Student Athlete Ambassador
please step up.
Woo! Go. Kiera!
[cheering]
And congratulations…
[applause dies down]
[cork pops]
…to…
Mitchell Wilson.
[excited cheering. applauding]
[Principal Shelly] Mitchell will represent
Rockport's commitment
to character and leadership
at the upcoming state caucus.
Oh. and he'll also be able
to use this $10.000 scholarship
to go to any academic institution
of his choosing.
Uh. Kiera. it has been a fun campaign.
As an educator.
I just think it's wonderful and exciting
to see everyone getting involved.
Healthy. fair competition is good.
[chuckling] Oh. and speaking of fair.
the prices at Big Five Sporting Goods.
very fair.
[band strikes up]
[crowd cheering]
[crowd noise grows distant]
[melancholic piano music playing]
She lost.
Hey. you're home early.
-[slurred] Who are you? That's my spot.
-Oh.
-Uh… This is John.
-Hi. I'm John.
Wait a minute. You're…
You're the grocery store guy.
You're the chives guy. aren't you?
You sneaky Pete.
You're the one keeping secrets from me.
You're so busted.
Go to your room. young lady.
Are you drunk?
[scoffs] Yeah. because why not? You know?
I mean. you try and you try and you try.
and nothing actually happens.
and nothing works.
So. you know what. Mom?
You don't know anything about my life.
and I clearly do not know
anything about your life.
so I think I should do my thing
and you do your thing.
Welcome to the family. John.
[retches]
[punk music playing]
"You're an asshole."
-Am I gonna get one of these?
-I don't know. are you?
Is this the best idea?
Maybe not. but it's the idea I had.
-Bye. Frank.
-Yeah. hey. go get 'em!
"You're an asshole."
[scoffs]
Man. the women
at this school is trippin'.
What are you doing?
Haven't you heard?
I'm the winning asshole.
Are you serious?
You know what? You are an asshole
and you don't get to touch these. okay?
If you keep doing that
you're gonna hurt my feelings.
Mitchell. take the stickers off
and get to class.
Vivian. come with me.
You're in trouble.
[Principal Shelly]
Where did you get these stickers?
-They were in the bathroom.
-[Principal Shelly huffs] This is serious.
People have defaced school property
and someone will get suspended for it.
Apparently. Mitchell Wilson isn't
the only one that Moxie doesn't like.
"Principal Shelly has made it clear
she has no interest in supporting
the female population of this school
and unfairly gave Mitchell Wilson
the morning announcement
for his hate speech." Hate speech? Wow.
Why did you let Mitchell give a speech
on the morning announcements?
He got it because he asked for it.
If anyone from Moxie asked for it.
they'd have gotten it. too.
How were we supposed to know
we were supposed to ask for it?
If you want a seat at the table.
pull up a chair.
Listen. Vivian.
I think all of this is wonderful.
but it has to stay within the confines
of the rules of the school.
Do you like him?
Mitchell?
The girls of the school would love
to know what you think.
Well. I'm a girl at the school.
and I would love to know
who started Moxie.
Do you have any idea?
No.
[knocking]
Someone put stickers on your car.
The asshole stickers?
Is this something for the fire department?
God. Gigi. no.
-Cover it up. Quiet.
-[Gigi] Janitor?
[Principal Shelly] Yes. get the janitor.
[Gigi] Okay.
[knocking]
[door opens]
Hey. are we still mad at each other?
You don't need to apologize. It's okay.
I thought you were going
to apologize to me.
What? Why would I apologize to you?
Okay. Okay. so if you're going
to be an asshole teenager now.
this is how we're gonna do it.
Because you came home drunk.
you have to have dinner
with me and John tomorrow night.
-Is this punishment?
-Yes.
It's one of those horrible punishments
where you have
to have dinner with your mother
and the first guy
she's been excited about in a long time.
Only if Seth comes.
And I can't guarantee
I won't throw up again.
I'll let everyone know.
[Lucy] But it means she's scared.
It means we're doing things here.
Honestly.
we're making waves. okay?
[Amaya] We are!
What's going on?
Claudia got suspended for Moxie.
What…? What do you mean?
Yeah. it's pretty awesome.
She took one for the team.
-That's not awesome.
-[Lucy] She's gonna be fine.
She'll write about it
on a college application.
and people will freak.
-She'll be fine.
-Don't tell me about Claudia.
She's been my best friend my whole life.
and you only just got here.
Okay. Wow.
[doorbell chimes]
No.
[knocking]
Front door didn't go so great. huh?
I'd call it a bust.
Yeah. My mom would literally prefer
I die of contracting bacterial meningitis
than get suspended from school.
Disease is at least an honorable death.
This is gonna screw everything up for you.
I don't know.
Shelly's blaming me
because I put my name down for Moxie.
I can't believe you did that.
[softly] Yeah.
She kept asking me who the leader was.
and I said I didn't know.
Is there anything you wanna say?
How did you know?
We've been best friends
since we were four.
You think you could lead a revolt
and I wouldn't notice?
Why didn't you tell me?
At first. you were being
so shitty about it.
Yeah. because I knew
it was a bad idea. and look. It was.
-I didn't ask you to get involved.
-Yes. you did.
You made me feel bad
because I wasn't doing enough.
And you don't get it. Viv.
You don't get what's going on
with me because you're white.
Wh-What?
Do you know what my mom sacrificed
to get to this country?
What she had to do to make it
so that I could go to college?
I am under an insane amount of pressure.
I don't have the freedom
to take the risks that you do.
-Claudia. I'm sorry.
-I gotta go.
My mom is making me
deep clean the rugs to atone for my sins.
If you knew it was me.
why didn't you tell her?
Because I'm not a coward. unlike you.
[Claudia sniffs]
Oh. right.
This whole thing.
[Lisa] We have so many breadsticks.
[John and Lisa chuckle]
[John] Oh. are those the ones I gave you?
I got fresh ones just for you.
-[chuckling]
-What is that voice?
It's my voice.
No. it's not.
[Lisa sighs deeply]
So. what's new in teen life these days?
Not much. man. Um…
Physics is really crushing me.
-[laughing] Oh. physics took me out.
-Yeah.
You guys have so much in common.
Maybe you should share a high-five.
Um. do they still teach you
those. um. mnemonic devices
to help you remember all the laws?
-If they do. it's not working.
-[laughs]
It was like for thermodynamics.
"Something something never really tire."
PV equals NRT. Pure virgins--
[sighs] It was a different time.
Why is nobody asking me about physics?
Do you think because I'm a girl
I don't know about science?
Not at all.
You want to talk about physics?
You made a salad?
With green things in it?
Yes. that's the colors
that are traditionally found in a salad.
This isn't normal. She usually
lives off frozen pizza and ice cream.
Well. with our hours.
it's hard to find time to make dinner.
That's okay. I love to cook.
Why do you have
an American flag on your car?
Do you love America?
Do you think it's perfect?
Do you know it's gonna take 300 years
to reach gender equality in the US?
I don't love that part.
If you don't love that part.
what are you doing about it?
Hey. Viv.
[scoffs] Okay. What? What?
You want me to calm down?
You want me to be nice? Like you?
And make sure everybody's comfortable?
Be your cute little girlfriend
with a little ponytail.
Well. forget hearts and stars on my hand.
Why don't I just write your name on my arm
and tell everybody that I'm your property
or something?
-Vivian.
-Fuck the patriarchy!
[John sighs]
What's going on?
I'm not like you.
I don't want you to be like me.
I want you to be like you.
I hate that. That's the suckiest thing
you can say to someone.
Just be you. Just be yourself.
I mean. that is such bullshit mom talk.
Okay. Okay. What do you want me to say?
Can you just leave?
No. this is my house.
I get to stand wherever I want.
Oh. right. Yeah. I forgot.
You're a rebel girl.
and no one tells you what to do
unless it's some lame dork who flirts
with you once in a grocery store.
Hey. you can't talk to me like that.
I'm your mother and I'm also a person.
and I get lonely.
and it's nice when someone likes me.
Okay. fine.
then just go enjoy your spring salad
while I sit here
with my entire life falling apart.
What is falling apart?
Nothing.
Just Claudia won't talk to me.
I might get kicked out of school.
and I might have sex.
Wait. you might get kicked out?
You don't care that I might have sex?
Vivian. slow down.
Shelly said anybody associated
with Moxie is gonna get kicked out.
Claudia already was.
What is Moxie?
It's a feminist club I started.
-You started a feminist club?
-Yeah. and it's all your fault.
I only started Moxie
because you made me believe
I was strong or something.
but I'm not that kind of person.
None of it is working.
and no one is helping me.
and I am all alone in this.
Why isn't Dad
spending Christmas with me. Mom?
[sniffs]
Oh. honey.
[sobbing] Please just go away.
I just want to be alone. Okay?
For sure. He's the victim of revenge
for a crime he didn't commit.
[distant] There's no evidence. no proof.
There's nothing.
-How could you not feel bad for him?
-[Mr. Davies] He's a gangster.
[Mitchell] Yeah. but Mike.
at the core. he's a romantic.
And this is what they do to him?
I just can't take that Fitzgerald
leaves it so ambiguous at the end.
Is he good? Is he bad? I don't know.
He wants you to ask that question.
He wants you to look upon yourself
and your morality.
Do you empathize with Gatsby…
[school bell rings]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey.
Hey. are you mad at me?
You mean for yelling at me at the table
and ditching me during dinner?
Nah. Vivian. why would I be mad at you?
I'm sorry.
I've been under a lot of pressure lately.
Have you? Really?
Seems like you've been doing reckless shit
and letting others take the blame
while you take cheap shots at me.
your mom.
and your mom's perfectly nice boyfriend.
I've done nothing but support you.
I don't deserve to be your punching bag.
Maybe you're not who I thought you were.
["Destroyer" by Lala Lala playing]
[Vivian reading] "Dear Moxie.
this is probably a mistake.
but I don't know who to turn to."
"Last year. I was raped."
"I wanted to come forward.
but didn't want anyone to know it was me."
"You get things done.
and no one knows who you are."
"Can you help me?
From one anonymous to another?"
♪ I got hit in the face
Your song is a wall ♪
♪ You turn around
And drive into another black hole ♪
♪ There's a bed on my arm
And you're the puddle beneath ♪
♪ Stop messing me up
Please stop melting ♪
♪ Don't tell ♪
♪ It's not evil ♪
♪ I'm looking through ♪
♪ A different view ♪
♪ Still
You are the reason ♪
♪ You are the reason ♪
♪ You are the reason
My heart broke behind my back ♪
You are the reason ♪
♪ You are the reason
My heart broke behind my back ♪
♪ You are the reason… ♪
[camera clicks]
[Principal Shelly sighs]
Unbelievable.
-Go on. Go around.
-[school bell rings]
I'm gonna read you the school policy.
"Any student who walks out
will be seen as demonstrating support
for the Moxie group.
who has vandalized school property.
an offense that is
punishable by expulsion."
This is serious stuff. guys.
Okay?
Really think about it.
Because if you do this.
it's your funeral.
And I'm washing my hands
of the whole thing.
[school bell rings]
["W.A.R.R.I.O.R" by Ebony Bones playing]
[yells] Come on. let's go!
[shouting. yelling]
Come on. get out here!
[cheering. whooping]
♪ Walking on water. that's where we are ♪
♪ And we march. march
And we march. march ♪
Whoa. like a warrior ♪
[students murmuring]
Speaking in front of people
is my worst nightmare.
I'm not brave.
Uh. I'm not fierce
like some of my friends.
And I do not fit the prototype
of a leader in any way.
but here I am anyways.
I hate that we are shoved aside.
That we are dismissed.
ranked.
assaulted.
And I mean. nobody does anything about it.
Nobody listens to us.
And that is why I walk out today.
That's why I'm standing up here
yelling at all of you.
It's why I started Moxie.
[laughing]
You know what? If you're going
to expel somebody. expel me. Okay?
It's me. I started Moxie. I am Moxie.
Then expel me. too.
I started the Moxie Instagram.
and I did that shit proudly.
I got you.
[Kaitlynn] I protested the dress code.
I wear what I want
no matter what my body looks like.
and I'm never changing.
-Yeah.
-So expel me!
I tripped Bradley
in his dumb ass Pirate costume.
That's feminism right there.
And I do not feel bad about it.
Moxie forever!
[cheering. whooping]
I wrote the note.
[students fall silent]
[whispering]
[Emma] Um…
I'm the one who reached out for help.
Because it felt like Moxie
was the only one who was listening.
We're listening. We're here.
And we believe you.
Last year after prom…
Mitchell Wilson raped me.
[students murmuring]
He was my boyfriend…
and he raped me in my own bedroom.
[voice breaking] And then.
I got voted Most Bangable.
What does that even mean?
Sorry. I don't know what to say.
I don't know what… I feel.
I guess I'm just angry.
I'm angry. and I want to scream.
-Do it.
-Scream!
Scream!
[screams]
[laughs]
[all screaming]
[screams]
[screams fade away]
What does that mean?
Mitchell Wilson.
Yes?
Come with me.
I knew it. I knew it was you.
-[Vivian laughs]
-Wait. no you didn't.
It is always the quiet ones
you have to look out for.
-My mind is blown. I'm so proud of you.
-Thanks.
-[CJ] You killed it.
-[Claudia] Pretty good for an introvert.
-What are you doing here?
-Your mom drove me.
Are you even allowed here?
What are they gonna do? Double suspend me?
-What would I do without you?
-I guess we'll never find out.
-[Lucy] Inspire. right? Let me hear it.
-[all] Yeah!
[laughing] I can't believe you're here.
[students applauding]
[Lucy] One. two. three. Moxie!
-[Lisa] Hey.
-[Lucy] Ready. One. two. three. Moxie!
-Yeah!
-[cheering]
Are you okay?
I think so.
Thanks for inspiring me.
Same.
[speaking Spanish]
[cheering]
[Lucy in English] I wanna let you know
that Moxie is for everyone.
-Right.
-Does anybody want to speak? Come on.
-[female student] Me. Me.
-[whooping]
Come on. girlfriend.
Speak your truth.
I want to-- Sorry.
I just want to say
that I'm one hundred and ten Black.
My hair is not a wig.
It's not nappy.
It's thick. curly. and it's who I am!
[whooping. cheering]
And no. you cannot touch it!
[cheering]
[Lucy] That was amazing.
Yeah. and y'all need
to stop touching our hair. okay?
All right.
Now that everyone is aware
of how much of a problem this is.
we have a lot of…
[mouths] I'm sorry.
[mouths] What?
[upbeat music playing]
[inaudible dialogue]
["Alala" by CSS playing]
♪ Alala. alala ♪
♪ Gimme three wishes ♪
♪ I wanna be that dirtyfinger
And his six bitches ♪
♪ Alala. alala ♪
♪ Gimme more too ♪
♪ I wanna be in that crazy band
Or meu cu ♪
♪ Alala. alala ♪
♪ Would you be kind? ♪
♪ Gimme one little more
And I'll be superfine ♪
♪ Alala. alala
You're so cool ♪
♪ Can I be your friend?
I'll drive you till the end ♪
♪ 'Cause you know but you don't wanna ♪
♪ 'Cause you want but you can't have it ♪
♪ Alala. alala ♪
♪ I'm so worried ♪
♪ I bought that posh clothing
But it still looks ugly ♪
♪ Alala. alala ♪
♪ Am I stupid? ♪
♪ I'm doing the talking
But I don't get nothing ♪
♪ Alala. alala ♪
♪ Alguém me avisa ♪
♪ Quando é bom parar
Defazer a íntima ♪
♪ Alala. alala ♪
♪ You're so cool ♪
♪ Can I be your friend?
I'll drive you till the end ♪
♪ 'Cause you know but you don't wanna ♪
♪ 'Cause you want but you can't have it ♪
["Big Mouth" playing]
♪ I don't like you
And I won't pretend to ♪
♪ Now. I'm gonna get you out of my way
Into another ♪
♪ How I ever trusted you
I will never know ♪
♪ And it all seemed so long ago ♪
♪ What you say
Will come back to you ♪
Will come back to your big mouth ♪
♪ I believed you
And I thought I knew you ♪
♪ And I told you things
That I would never tell anybody else ♪
♪ But now it's common knowledge
To everyone ♪
♪ Now. I can't face anyone ♪
♪ What you say
Will come back to you ♪
Will come back to your big mouth ♪
♪ I never thought you'd do it now ♪
♪ Never thought you'd tell them that ♪
♪ You have a big mouth ♪
[screams]
♪ Whoa. you have told everyone ♪
♪ Now. I can't face anyone ♪
♪ What you say
Will come back to you ♪
Will come back to your big mouth ♪
♪ Big mouth. big mouth ♪
♪ Big mouth ♪
[screams]
[funky electronic music playing]
[pop rock music playing]
[music ends]